Add Description of Routes and Entity properties to the REST-API Documentation#4278 (#51)
amplication/plugins: plugins/swagger-apibody/README.md

# @amplication/plugin-<name>

[![NPM Downloads](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@amplication/plugin-auth-basic)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@amplication/plugin-auth-basic)

> Add Description of Routes and Entity properties to the REST-API Documentation

Reviewer: maybe you can add a screenshot of the actual results in swagger?

Reviewer: Also, you can add an example of the actual decorators the plugin is adding

## Purpose

> the plugin add routes body to each controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin adds the details of the type of the body to the `Create` and `Update` methods in each controller 
```

## Configuration

no configuration required

## Scripts

### `build`

Running `npm run build` will bundle your plugin with Webpack for production.

### `dev`

Running `npm run dev` will watch your plugin's source code and automatically bundle it with every change.

> 

Reviewer: This is not needed - you are describing the scripts of the plugins, the idea was to describe scripts that the user may need to use

> # @amplication/plugin-<name>

Reviewer 2: update this line with the plugin name
